Good evening everyone! My name is Matthew Devonport,

My name is Sylvia Gilbert-Potts,

And welcome to the presentation of our project! A project that we are not only as a
group proud of, a project that we are 'passionate' about and can't wait to share with
you!

Through the last 14 weeks everyone in this cohort (which is named Roa) has been
involved in specific tasks, tests, lectures, groups and projects. The first 5
weeks being introduced to the course with foundations and the last 9 weeks being
right here, in this building grinding away on content given to us by the teachers,
as well as putting up with Ollies bad jokes (ha ha ha ha).

The idea was brought up that we could do a project where we could access all the
learning content through the weeks of the course while making a visual interactive
experience for the students to make reviewing or revising the content far more fun.
Doing so would also activating neuroplasticity which is strengthening the neural
learning connections in our brain, which is actually content on what we learned about
through this course!

Amazing right!? This course wasn't just about sitting in front of a screen, typing
out code all day, there were key human skills to learn about how to interact with
a group of people or workmates, how to deal with your own emotions as well as
a great aglie flow structure on how to optimise your work flow.

But enough talking right!? Let's check out our project! We are proud to
introduce to you:

Dev App-cademy!

Nick Matthews will give you an overview of our application, take it away Nick!

(Nick talks)

Thank you Nick! As you can see we have a fully functional application where students
can go to revise content and relive memories of the time they spent here at Dev
Academy.

We are 'certain' that some of the teachers will be visiting this site as well to
re-live the times they have spent with us, because you love us all right!?

To get this site functioning properly, there a solid foundation of back and front
end code to make it successful. Each and everyone one of us worked on certain
components or areas of this project to make it successful. Caleb Thompson here was
our vision master for the project. With his wealth of coding knowledge helped
lay a great structure for Dev App-cademy. Caleb is keen to say a few words on
these topics.

(Caleb talks)

Thank you for the overview Caleb! With coding being the main part of the learning of
the course and the work that has been done on this project alone shows how effective
the course has been in teaching us the fundamentals and techniques of learning how
to code, not only with Javascript, but also any language that we look to learn or
use.

Knowing or learning code is obviously an important part or aspect in being a software
developer, although the ground roots rule that was explained to us from the beginning
is that anyone can learn how to code, it's how you deal with your emotions and how
you deal with people in a positive way that make you an essential asset to a business
or workplace. Noemie Ariste had a great time in our Human Skills workshops and would
like to talk about how we interacted as a team, our group dynamics and how the
skills we learned in the workshops helped us get through our project through the last
week.

(Noemie talks)

Thank you Noemie! We had a great group dynamic, we worked out issues effectively and
we definitely put that down to the Human Skills workshops run by Sarrah in this
course. We are confident that we will utilise these skills moving forward into
any workplace we get involved in.

So! In conclusion, we are very proud of not only each other in our project group, but
as a cohort as a whole. The amount of positive learning and growing done in the last
2-3 months has been 'phenomenal'. Everyone in the cohort has contributed to our
project by just being a part of it and the teaching staff have been nothing short
of attentive to our needs and providing us the necessary skills to be successful
developers in our future careers.

We thank you very much for your time and attention in our project, so signing off,
again, 

I am Matthew Devonport,

I am Sylvia Gilbert-Potts,

I am Nick Matthews,

I am Caleb Thompson,

I am Noemie Ariste,

And we will sign off our presentation the same way we signed off each of our stand
ups in this project.


YEAH BUDDY!! 
